systemd-resolve: add alias page (#11543)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/systemd-resolve.md

> # systemd-resolve
> 
> > This command is an alias of `resolvectl`.
> > More information: <https://manpages.ubuntu.com/manpages/xenial/en/man1/systemd-resolve.1.html>.
> 
> - View documentation for the original command:
> 
> `tldr resolvectl`

Reviewer: How about this?
```suggestion
# systemd-resolve

> Resolve domain names, IPV4 and IPv6 addresses, DNS resource records, and services.
> Note: this tool has been renamed to `resolvectl` in new versions of systemd.
> More information: <https://manned.org/systemd-resolve>.

- View documentation for `resolvectl`:

`tldr resolvectl`
```

Reviewer 2: Yeah, this LGTM.

Reviewer 2: > How long do we keep waiting for @quantumflo?

Ideally, we wait for 1 week for the author to respond (before applying the changes ourselves) and we wait for 1 month in case of larger PRs, after which we can take over the PR and perform any additional changes.
